Intezer - Add md5 and sha1 to dbot score for file analysis (#20286)
demisto/content: Packs/Intezer/ReleaseNotes/1_3_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Intezer v2

> - Add md5 and sha1 to dbot score for file analysis.
> - Add scanned URL to dbot score for URL analysis.

Reviewer: Please change this to:

```suggestion
- Added the md5 and sha1 to dbot score for file analysis.
- Added the scanned URL to dbot score for URL analysis.
```
